Feature/115 start publishing process of ide plugin (#145)
amosproj/amos2023ws02-pitest-ide-plugin: MarketplacePage/GettingStarted.txt

> <p>Use the <code>pitest</code> plugin, such as "solidsoft", in the config file.</p>

Reviewer: I would specifically mention the `pitest-gradle-plugin` and the  `pl.droidsonroids.pitest` as examples

> <p>Utilize our Gradle plugin <code>pitmutationmate-override-plugin</code> in the config file.</p><br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>If gradle is used as a build system, utilize our companion Gradle plugin <code>pitmutationmate-override-plugin</code> in the build file.</p><br/>
```
